fix: Pass immutable metrics to PushMetricExporter (#2947)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-rust: opentelemetry-sdk/CHANGELOG.md

- *Breaking* `Aggregation` enum moved behind feature flag
  "spec_unstable_metrics_views". This was only required when using Views.
  [#2928](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-rust/pull/2928)
- *Breaking* change, affecting custom `PushMetricExporter` authors:

>   - The `export` method on `PushMetricExporter` receives a `&ResourceMetrics`

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
  - The `export` method on `PushMetricExporter` now accepts `&ResourceMetrics`
```
